the fact that my father was a clinical psychologist really did affect
my career choice. Not in the way that it might seem, but really, it
was because of him that I chose. Psychology is a major initially, um,
and that was just because the fact that he was a clinical psychologist,
number one it meant that I was pretty familiar with a lot of psychological
constructs because it was just things that we talked about
at home. Um, and also, you know, he did it. Most of his friends
were colleagues, and, you know, and they did it. And as a teenager,
you know, I was looking at them and just going like, Well, you all are
a bunch of idiots. So clearly this is something that, you know, I
could dio because I'm so much smarter than you. Um, so that was really
what set me on the path of psychology. And I mean, I did find it
somewhat interesting, but it really wasn't the love of psychology that
had was the reason that I chose psychology as a major, but it was
definitely influenced by the fact that my dad was a clinical psychologist.